# What was the final project, and the task to be done
The project created is intended to provide a convenient way of keeping track of information based on the user’s input. It’s incredibly valuable for a program to provide the needed information based on what the user is looking for. This application is designed to address the selected courses and the credits that comes from it. The program essentially enables students to be able to register for courses in a term of study. Students select from a menu of courses for which they wish to register and they receive outputs reaffirming information they may look for.

# Project essentials 
As shown in the previous slide, it’s important to provide and manage information based on the user input. The output of the program should present options for the user whilst avoiding closing the program entirely based on error inputs. Credits and courses should display valid information whilst preventing the user invalid choices such as selecting two of the same courses. No registration for more than nine credit hours, which means that no more than 3 courses can be selected. The program validates the user menu selection which allows for valid selections to correctly register a user on the selected course.

# Program success and the work put into it
As I further look into the provided templates found in the modules, I was able to pinpoint the exact issues with some lines of codes that would not be executed correctly. For the most part, ‘MainWindow.xam.cs.’ would be the output that helps display the menus intended to be navigated. ‘MainWindow.xam.cs’ directly affects what’s being calculated and then further displayed for the user’s leisure, which is what would have coding unfinished and mainly undefined for the most part. It is a lot easier whenever you have an existing code since you essentially have the foundation of the entire code already done, so I found myself having little problem understanding and providing solutions to the existing code. I had an easier time figuring out this code with a group of friends of mine since they were curious about my work, which made it all the easier to finish due to their suggestions and testing. I have merely expanded upon the original filling in blanks to further create a list. The ConsoleApplication as well could be expanded upon, which I found it somewhat easy to further add upon it to get it to run. There were instances in which I would later look back at the work I have created only to then realized I could simplify it with a single line of coding rather than further establish everything. Specifically with the screenshot shown, in which rather than just using returns, there could’ve been a line that defines both outputs without having to keep adding returns.

# Console applications VS WPF
I found WPF to be a lot more presentable and easier to use rather than a console application which seems more on the debug side, not really designed to be seen from outsiders other than the programmer themselves. Console applications rely solely on text output in a command-line window whereas WPF applications offer an easy to understand visual interface with interactive elements such as buttons and popups for a user-friendly experience. I believe the way I went about my use of WPF allows for it to be a lot more user friendly providing information that becomes necessary whilst guiding the user with information that can only be accurate, preventing wrong inputs from being inputted.

# Approach of debugging, coding application, and innovation
The main thing I have done was keep track of each of my progress through google documents as an alternative way of keeping notes on any changes that may prove to be useful. Programming in itself requires trial and error, so through the use of the provided modules problems and helpful advice from others within discussions, I was able to formulate much needed changes. It also helps I have had access to other programmers that can assist with pinpointing flaws to my work as a means of constructive criticism. Being able to pinpoint flaws to arguments is one thing but providing an alternative solution is another. With enough innovation, I was able to provide alternative coding finishing any incomplete work.


